confirm('This is an example of using JS to create some interaction on a website. Click OK to continue!');

What is programming?
Programming is like writing a list of instructions to the computer so it can do cool stuff with your information.

Programs can't yet make your bed, but they can do math, keep track of your bank account, or send a message to a friend.

To do any of these actions, the program needs an input. You can ask for input with a prompt.

Use the prompt command to ask the user where they are from. Check out the examples above for how to do this!
Use the prompt command to ask the user where they are from. Check out the examples above for how to do this!
prompt("What is your name?");
prompt("What is Ubuntu?");

Data Types I & II: Numbers & Strings
Data comes in various types. You have used two already!

a. numbers are quantities, just like you're used to. You can do math with them.

b. strings are sequences of characters, like the letters a-z, spaces, and even numbers. These are all strings: "Ryan", "4" and "What is your name?" Strings are extremely useful as labels, names, and content for your programs.

To make a number in your code, just write a number as numerals without quotes: 42, 190.12334.

To write a string, surround words with quotes: "What is your name?"
lengthcounts every chat including space

Data Type III: Booleans
Nice job! Next let's look at booleans. A boolean is either true or false.

For example, comparing two numbers returns a true or false result:

23 > 10 is true
5 < 4 is false

"I'm coding like a champ".length > 10;

Using console.log
You may have noticed that the interpreter doesn't print out every single thing it does. So if we want to know what it's thinking, we sometimes have to ask it to speak to us.

console.log() will take whatever is inside the parentheses and log it to the console below your code—that's why it's called console.log()!

This is commonly called printing out.

Please print the following two console.log statements at the same time. Type one on line 1 and the other on line 2. Then press Save & Submit Code.

console.log(2 * 5)
console.log("Hello")


Comparisons
So far we've learned about three data types:

strings (e.g. "dogs go woof!")
numbers (e.g. 4, 10)
booleans (e.g. false, 5 > 4)
Now let's learn more about comparison operators.

List of comparison operators:

> Greater than
< Less than
<= Less than or equal to
>= Greater than or equal to
=== Equal to
!== Not equal to

